 
## 4.8 Software design
 
### 4.8.1 Purpose
We use a Raspberry Pi compute module to handle the camera data and a powerful
microcontroller for data acquisition, experiment control and communication with RXSM.
All data shall be saved locally. Furthermore, all data except the camera data
shall be sent to ground station via RXSM.


### 4.8.2 Design
#### 4.8.2.1 Microcontroller
As you can see at the flowchart the main experiment control actions are triggered by the RXSM events.
Because of the different requirements about data acquisition we use different frequencycs for this. For details see data acquisition frequency table and data storage flowchart.
If we did not send any data in the past second, we will send an "alive" signal to see, if the connection is well (especially for testing).
We will not control the heat probes to constant temperature, they will run on constant power, like couched at the requirements. The heat probe control loop is only activated in case of over temperature to switch off the heat probes and switch on again with an hysteresis when cooled down enough.
Our software has a test mode, so the heat probes will not be activated while testing.
The uplink will only be used while testing to activate the test mode.
All data and also command and event log shall be sent to ground station via RXSM and be stored locally on a flash chip after LO.
For data package design see table xyz.

#### 4.8.2.2 Raspberry Pi 
The Raspberry Pi compute module, which handles the camera data, will remote controlled by the microcontroller.

#### 4.8.2.3 Groundstation
The groundstation software shall get the downstream from RXSM to store and visualize the data. 
It will have a easy to use GUI with a general log, where all incomming data will be logged and a critical log, to get a simple overview about critical events, like LO or problems like heat probe over temperature.
The GUI will visualize (in diagrams):
* the temperature distribution inside the ice cylinders
* the development of pressure
* the development of move distance and force of heat probes

It will display the connection status and will have a button to set the experiment in test mode.



### 4.8.3 Implementation
#### 4.8.3.1 Microcontroller
The microcontroller we want to use is a STM32 (see electronics). For development, we want to use C++ with the XPCC framework, it is very useful for hardware abstraction and parallelization and well known by Raphael Lehmann, who already contributed to XPCC.

#### 4.8.3.2 Raspberry Pi 
For the Raspberry Pi we want to use a minimized Linux, based on Raspbian. It will be remote controlled by the microcontroller via SPI, so we don't need any complex software here.

#### 4.8.3.3 Groundstation
For the groundstation we will use C++ with QT library for graphical user interface.
