## 2.1 Functional
    Electronics
    F. 9: The experiment shall measure the temperature distribution in each block of ice.
    F.10: The pressure above each ice block shall be measured.
    F.15: The penetration depth of the heat probes shall be measured.
    F.12: All acquired data shall be stored redundantly on reliable data storage devices.
    F.16: The power for the heat probes shall be provided by NiMH batteries.
    F.17: The power for the other electric components shall be provided by RXSM.

    Software
    F.11: All acquired data except for the camera data shall be sent to the ground station via RXSM downlink.

## 2.2 Performance
    Electronics
    P.21: The temperature sensors shall measure in a range of -80 to 0 °C or greater.
    P.16: The temperature sensors shall measure with an accuracy of 0.5 °C or better.
    P.17: The temperature data shall be acquired with a sample rate of 1 Hz or higher.

    P.18: The pressure sensors shall measure in a range of 0 to 5 mbar or greater.
    P.19: The pressure sensors shall measure with an accuracy of 1 mbar or better.
    P.22: The pressure data shall be acquired with a sample rate of 20 Hz or higher.

    P.23: The penetration depth shall be measured with an accuracy of 0.5 mm or lower.
    P.24: The force sensors shall measure in a range of 0 to 40 N.
    P.25: The force sensors shall measure with an accuracy of 0.039 N or better.
    P.26: The force data shall be acquired with a sample rate of 2 Hz or higher.

    P.27: The batteries shall provide 180 W of power for at least 3 min of experiment time.
    P.20: The total power consumption shall be below 200 W.

    P.28: There shall be enough storage for 30 min of data acquisition.
    P.29: All data shall be stored with a redundancy factor of 2 or more.

    Software

## 2.3 Design
    Electronics
    D.18: The temperature distribution in each ice block shall be measured by a 3x3 temperature sensor matrix.
    D.17: The pressure shall be measured by differential pressure sensors.
    D.19: The penetration depth shall be measured indirecly using force sensors on each spring-loaded heat probe.
    D.20: There shall be no electrical connection of electronic components to the rocket structure.
    D.21: No electronics shall be enabled during radio silence.
    D.22: The power consumption of all electronics combined (except for the heat probes) shall be below the 30 W supplied by the RXSM.
    D.23: The electronic components must endure the thermal environment during the launch and flight.
    D.24: The electronic components must endure 20 g loads in all axis.
    D.25: The electronic must be able to cope with vacuum (lack of thermal convection).

    Software
    D.16: The data rate sent to the RXSM for downlink shall be below 20 kbit/s.

## 2.4 Operational
    Electronics
    O. 4: The battery’s temperature shall not exceed the operational window.

    Software
    O. 5: The heat probes shall be turned off in case of over heating.
    O. 6: The experiment shall accept a request for radio silence at any time while on the launch pad.
    O. 7: The experiment shall be able to conduct measurements autonomously in case connection with the ground segment is lost.
    O. 8: The experiment shall be able to enter a secure mode after landing (sensitive equipment shall be disabled, moving parts locked).
